aimu what would like is for you to say
with just one simple sentence I can
say it nimu is not a scammer in my
[Music]
case RS Good night how are you Good
night Fine fine thank you You how are you
Javi how is everyone Well we are here
very calm having a good time this is this is
this with the [ __ ] extract we are we are
having the calmest night
of my life here starting strong 2024 and
nothing I wanted to ask you how you
took the words of well
your friend nimu is here I don't know if I wanted to greet
her first Hello nimu how are you Hello
RS How are you How are you historical eye
historical eye done eh eh It really alerts me Che
RS I am a scammer No At no time did
I say out of my mouth that you
scammed me great Okay nothing How are you
All good all good All good I just
came to clarify a few things that I think are
a little wrong from what they have
said aco dear I am freaking out
right now okay okay We listen to you rus
eh Let's see first of all about the issue of
de de nimu and I about that legal issue
what  be this I never said that this was
what is called a scam Yes I did not
attack so well for that part I
have always said I do not comment on your
publications to avoid any type
of confrontation Yes but I have also
clarified that it has not been a scam in what
you have done to me okay now about what would it be
how would you qualify it I
cannot qualify anything against nimu
directly because I am not a judge and I do not
have a verdict the day that I have a
verdict in a ruling or in my favor I am going to
say it because how are you going to have it without
any complaint of course that I was going to
tell you or I mean are you going to take some kind
of action against animo when you are
saying that is I have already explained it I
explained it to you last time Javi is this
a process that they are accepting they are just
seeing if it is accepted or not If it is not
accepted then I cannot do more and if they
accept it then some minute will come to her
but to me you have it here in
front of you you can uh try to fix with
her in a more quick and cordial way here
the issue if if you want to propose what
the problem is first before moving on
to that this  about what I was
mentioning about if I paid
cosplayers because they are cosplayers that I
send the photos to nimu nimu knows
perfectly well Who I am referring to are
things that well I confided in her at the
time eh I have not given names that I have not given
names Yes but those in my community
already know most Because they are two of
my best friends eh And I collaborate
a lot with cosplayers because we go to
conventions that are where the photos are and
when there have been photos that I have sent
to nimu that I will not be mistaken of the photos
that I have sent her where we are in
a cenote where we are on the beach where we are that has been a
vacation of
ours At no time have I
paid her or anything like that in the manner
of Tris verada that was just mentioned it is
not a personal appreciation of mine you
understand, I mean I am not a judge either, not
like you but you understand that if you are a
person who donates large amounts of
money to streamers attractive girls and And I
apologize attractive chas man they
are attractive young girls
things how they are eh ugly your friends are
orcs we are talking about the same
people the one on the beach and the one on
the motorcycle the same Yeah Of course
in fact you can enter or you can
enter Of course Look, I get along very
well, I get along very well, my
appreciation, the personal appreciation that
I or anyone who
sees that a person who is dedicated to
donating large amounts of money to
streamers, girls, said by yourself, I
am paraphrasing that suddenly he is
with those people and I have already apologized
before I ask you again now I try
not to joke so much, sorry about your physique
the same as mine, eh We are not perhaps
as for that to
attract attention to say the least
So obviously I can understand, I
can extrapolate, I mean, wow, a person
who donates to those girls who actively
donates girls who suddenly ends up with
young girls being that you are
quite a few years older and that your physique is not
your strong point or you have a charisma that
I have missed or maybe there is some
business as you say or maybe there are
conventions whatever so if you
explain yourself if you give me a minute but it is
suspicious how much  At least we understand it
Of course Look at this to answer that
part if you go to their records because
well n should know perfectly Who they
are if you go to your to their
donation records of all time because that's how they
have them this from the entire
channel my donations are not high in
fact to the only person and I have said it I have
maintained that I have donated
too much it is encouragement I have not donated
absolutely to anyone else that that same those
same intense amounts of money
said by my mouth I have done that
because I wanted to and in fact here I
threw you little eh here little few members
no joke joke [ __ ] Come on everyone
surprises me anyway what
surprises me the most and I tell you look there I
give you the point that you have recognized that
nimu is not a scammer is that I
never gave it Why did it take you so long Why did it take you
so long to say it, I mean, it was so
hard for you to say publicly hello nimu
is not a scammer I am sorry that
a personal brand that is worth
as much money as yours is being denigrated as a result of a
distortion of my words because you
are aware of the damage that  caused aim
is no no no it's not that I'm not saying
I'm not saying or rather I'm I'm
clarifying that it's not a
scam directly I don't know it's been put there I don't know
if it's him let's see speak Good night
you can't you can't help but accept me it's not that I'm
saying let's see if it's someone who
has planted a screenshot on me how
the link has been leaked I mean tail no no it's that I
couldn't help but enter because it's that or
rather I'm falling asleep okay but I
feel like the conversation is going off
on a tangent I think the right thing
would be that or rather someone correct me
if I'm wrong but basically
what bothers Nimu is that they
repeat the whole 30,000 thing and
that he scammed you and blah blah blah blah blah Okay so
that's what bothers her uh
what bothers you We already talked about it
at the time So a a to
the recent clarifications that
Nimu made regarding her ex-boyfriend and
the nonsense he did and all this uh
The question is if you rups there's something that
you would like as a guy to fix things
with Nimu or  uh on the contrary maintain
another version or the version from before that you
have regarding the abuse that
she or her ex-boyfriend gave you
basically so we wouldn't get involved with girls in
fact this Dallas uh When you and I
talked about it at the time because well I saw
the podcast where they said that I was this
that it was a bluff this
I clarified it in fact a lot of
time has passed Maybe you don't remember you
have the conversations of everything we
talked about I told you I remember
half of it because I understand I
told you that I told you about the call I had with you the one that she showed in her in her video at the end of this and I also told you that days later I had spoken with Kenzo that he was the one who detonated this in all of this now they're going to
tell me why against Nimu
why I mentioned her why I
brought her in why this and that or
rather Nimu and I at that moment and here
she is and she's not going to let me lie
because I have said it as is Nimu and I
this the  the upset we had before
all of the call about everything else was
because I missed some screenshots where
I was gathering
information is it a lie or anonymous if you
said that everything was fine you
had already told me everything is fine
everything is perfect here it goes here it goes I
hear you I hear you I hear you and
everything was perfect and the guy from
Nothing escapes into my chat screenshots
of my chat or are from my chat
so of course I tell him what the hell is
this and it turns out that I was sending
screenshots of my chat to
pipepino to pipepino when it turns out that
everything was already fine that between pino ent it
wasn't pino in the chat
surely pu was a joke surely she's on
the chat because she's there almost every
night
yes yes you already spoke with her privately
and everything was fine What are you
complaining about now what would you
like from her okay Here she is in the
mood to say it for Only she and
I are the only ones who know what was
discussed in that call nobody else because
only she and I talked about it on
discord eh I  I offered certain things it's
true he didn't offer me the live shows I
never looked at that he offered me live shows but you
didn't say it either you said that you never
wanted to fix things and that and that I'm
left there when I called her the
call no because because you've already talked a
lot because when I called her on the
first call I told you I offer you
live shows I offer you tweets I offer you
Instagram stories everything to
compensate for this if you feel eh Like
the money wasn't worth it to you I'm going to
compensate you with whatever but
financially I can't give it back to you the
money I told you I can't give it
back to you talk and yes go on
calm down yes eh that was the call
when it all started I told her cheer up
this is happening and she told me well what I have
said and I stand by it that well she
told me I no longer have anything to do with the
company fix it directly with them
and um and I hope you find a
solution with them That was the message that she
sent me from there when I
already mentioned to her that this was starting to
file a lawsuit that was when  she
told me let's see I don't know anything about this I spoke
to her I explained
everything to her yeah just a moment give me a moment
okay because again I think we
're getting distracted and going off on
tangents all the time eh The question is very
simple do you still hold a grudge against
nimu for something yes or no It's that I do
n't have any grudges against imu I
just wanted to make up for the problem they
caused me with the invoices Because those
are legal problems Okay
I didn't do the invoice thing I don't have
absolutely nothing to do with the
invoices I hired a supposed
professional who screwed me over you
understand he screwed me over prun I have a
question just in this tell me do you
know where cas agency spa cagen
spa was yes it was her agency supposedly if you know
where it was located in the
parents' house in K's parents' house I
have no idea about their things dude really I'll
tell you if they go her
parents' house is probably there because
according to what I understand the other
people who were in the name of the
company were also  his parents because when he
started his company he was a minor
according to what he told me in fact
No in fact Well I'm not going to give much
information but one of the people
close to Keno contacted
me a few months ago and
explained the whole situation to me because he was one
of the people who was tricked by him
into receiving money okay that guy
is being reported we all know that
but let's focus on the
important point of the
current conflict and the current conflict is do you
still hold a grudge against her because
she clearly says that she wasn't
involved in any of that uh at
first I didn't believe her at all the
truth is that's why I said the things I said
in my video and again now well I give her
more of a benefit of the doubt but at the end
of the day the affected one is you so do
you give her the benefit of the doubt
and do you believe her version or on the
contrary you don't believe it at all I
think no I think more than anything in
the sense that if I hold a grudge against
her yes uh as I have told you I don't
hold any  resentment to avoid having
this comment directly on your things
or something like that Because to begin with I do
n't want to do this what's it called that
start me because the last times we
talked or when or like F
published it Calm down calm down listen you
go off on a tangent a lot okay well I
don't hold a grudge cheer up I don't hold a grudge
but the version that she is giving
is not entirely concrete and true Okay and and
What would you like to correct I would
like to correct the fact that she
is saying that at the beginning she
offered me everything and that she offered me
solutions when I offered her enough
solutions and at the end of everything only
Well there was the discord thing because I had
offered her this I had offered her that I
offered her something else I offered her
something else and everything I believe that what you offered
I can say what you offered Well let's
say what you offered stop
because it's very funny what you offered you
offered or that I return all the
money eh or that I told you
clearly that I couldn't do it because I
couldn't do it because I didn't have it no
In fact no F all the money Remember
that they were
3500 apart from the service you see the
price can be whatever it is but
you you agreed to pay that in exchange for
those appearances that occurred then Of
course yes but by providing a
document as such as an agreement in
this case in a formal company that did not
have the power to do so they
should have compensated me just as I
had to comply they had to compensate me for that
fiscal and business obligation
that you have Well I have no idea about
that [ __ ] I'm going to talk to you about what
you offered me the subject changed
that's not what but what he offered you
In exchange for what in exchange for that no no in exchange for that in
exchange for there being no
problem he offered me or that or he
offered me uh go to my Twitter and
apologize publicly for what I did to him for
what I did to r when I hadn't
done anything but dude are you
realizing the problem is with keno Why the
hell would I have to apologize and
tarnish my
image at that moment at that moment you
took it as because you told me if
I do it I'll  to come out badly of course
obviously now Allow me Allow me for that
reason Allow me whether you like it or not Keno you
said I hired him because I had him in
charge for all of that, he was
responsible Yes but you're saying it
you hired him to see your
things maybe maybe that's where it comes into
whose head it comes to getting into
controversy No but whose head comes into why is it that I
apologize publicly in Why
for you is that a solution that if
10 people see you on Stream RS
more than 2 million people don't go bankrupt
dude if I put it on my Twitter if I
put it on my Twitter Sorry r when
When you RS 10 [ __ ]
people came to you nobody cares and the one who
comes out defamed and with the image tarnished
for asking for forgiveness is me Because I'm also
going to ask for forgiveness for something that I didn't
do In whose head does it come you are
realizing that your deal was not going to be your
deal is [ __ ] it was either you accept
a public apology on Twitter or I
denounce you and we hit you with a criticism channel
that was  your shitty deal do you think I was
going to accept it Obviously not
So as a breeding ground to slander and gain
fame easy fame that's what happened
rubs tell the truth tell the truth I think
we're getting very upset and we'll
never
go you think mimu do you think that he
wanted to support you financially because he
liked your content or because he
somehow wanted to be famous too
I I can't deny that I feel that
he did like my content at the
time but of course it gave him status Of
course it gave him status to donate so much I
never I never I never denied it in
fact when at the beginning that you passed me
with keno that were from the
Minecraft tournaments and everything else you
and I talked about it that that was going to
help me at no time I denied that Yeah
yeah to me what at this moment
apart from one of the things that is
disgusting to me and is making me feel
uncomfortable Even though they tell me that if I [ __ ] I
don't know what is a lack of respect
because I am speaking here in a
calm and serious manner like after they have
called me fat stinky and  everything
else has asked you
Sorry I'm laughing rups rups I
'm laughing at the chat eh I mean sorry
and then and then yes it's true that I
laughed at the end where
nimu papped you but it seemed
crazy to me I'm sorry
eh If you want If you want I'll take off the
camera so I don't distract you I'll become a
youtuber too if you want Don't
worry you put that Gabi Look they've
covered me They've already covered my face I ca
n't anymore don't come on come on come on out joke let's
see but nimu just directly accuses you
that you're actually
there being an [ __ ] being an [ __ ]
because in the end you want her attention to
gain fame I don't consider you to be
more than eh paid because in the end you've
gotten more fame eh without I mean you've
gotten more fame and more attention and more
promotion with the controversy no I mean with
the fact that they wouldn't want you
I see clear I mean it's already compensated you ca
n't bury the record now this I haven't
touched the record again I don't I haven't for a
few  months except for the
statement when you posted that
statement although obviously you didn't
mention animu eh since everyone
knows you precisely for that and the
ex-boyfriend doesn't even know him at home the
guy comes into her house and her parents
ask her who the [ __ ] is he Well
basically the issue is that people
automatically relate him to her
So her
but I think that in fact she does it with
that intention when she says play with the
aim he's going to go to jail I don't know
what you know is that let's see to start With
start I haven't said that gir is going to
jail no but it
ended a while ago you told him that he's
going to get a prescription in a few
months you said it here now damn Well
but I haven't talked about here Of course but I'm
not here I can't give a verdict or I
can give an insinuation that
he's going to go to jail no but let's see I have said what people say exaggeratedly not that you have said it but you do play with maintaining eh stretching the gum basically of the controversy you have with nimmu so that it continues to be standing  you
know when it's finished No because
if you already Talk to her you say that you don't have
any problem with her What
recipe are you going to send her Fix it with your
junkie boyfriend and [ __ ] off no It's not that no I don't
want to say directly
the information as such of Why
this very simple is reported yes
the complaints are in process I mean you have
reported her yes okay And what is it that you
ask for in that complaint
eh I'm not at the moment at the beginning they just
put in what they are the creases
but answer the question that she just asked you
porf to her eh what I am
doing to her for defamation and for damage
to honor defamation to her yes for a
Stream of hers where she directly
told me that I scammed her that she was not the one who was
scammed Ah I think that yes I know which one
you say it seems to me
ha Speak for damage to honor the
guy with 20 viewers dude
no no honor no stop I need to be a
big channel I need to be a
big channel the numbers don't matter rather I
think what matters is
forgiveness lose lose lose grace forgiveness I
think that more than in itself the  numbers what
matters is the answer, I mean, eh, I think
what she said came after your
answer, you
've walked through, you've walked through
all the bad channels. Of course, but what
is the, I mean, I have 20 viewers, she has
per I want to give my point, give my
point To contribute something more apart from an
attack, laugh, look, the first thing there, rups, I
give you the point, it's clear that
regardless of the views you
have, the honor belongs to the person, you
know, you as a person have honor and you have to
defend it. But it's also true
that she wouldn't have said anything if you
hadn't said what you said, which is why
I was surprised when
the first question
that Nimu asks you is if she's a
scammer and you say, No, I've never said
that. So why would she have had to
defend herself in the first
instance from that if nothing had happened
in any case that on your part would have
been misinterpreted in that way.
We agree on that for a moment I've
let you speak. We agree that
Nimu, the career that she had with all the
viewers that she had, okay, I'm not going to tell you
millions, but at least  a few
hundred thousand and you've screwed up his
career you know perfectly well with all
the videos to the point that he had to
come to my podcast to see if you could
give a bit of his story and that people
listen to it is not the only thing well it
is clear that he has obviously done more
things but we agree that what
makes the most noise and and it is as easy and
objective as going to Twitter Go into
any post of
n what ruined n was
Elio but then he made that as a result of the
Cos thing he got more bomb the other thing was
that he took advantage of the moment because and here he threw out
a question when rups starts
talking badly about nimu that's why when the
cosco got thing happens or before no let's see I don't
see when r starts talking about all
this when is the moment in which I
encourage ra the cosc got thing is trending or
before when it is not trending wine ant No
in fact time had already passed from the
aside he contacted me before and no he didn't
catch my attention and and and then
later it came out again but that is not the move
The thing is that I don't see that
Nimmu is attacking you for free, it's
a crossroads in which you are in charge of
throwing a lot of [ __ ] at your anus and
walking through a lot of going to a
lawsuit, I don't know in your countries How it
works Well, look, to start with
things as they are and here is Dallas who
at the time no matter how much they
told me I still have him Thanking him for giving me
the space to talk to me,
people are dedicated to saying that I said nothing
bad to you I have never said anything bad to you, I mean I
'm not very sure because now they
make me feel like I was attacking themselves
when I never attacked you Yes, you and I
simply spoke about it privately and here
is Dallas and he can say it at
no time I told him that Nimu
scammed me using exactly that
word Well, the truth is that I don't
remember because it was a long time ago
that video now what I'm
getting at the price, that thing about that
30k came out because I had 980 left to pay
and he was already charging me added
[Music]
27,999 of 200 for interest and if I did
n't pay it in so much time they were going to charge me
830 daily in arrears eh you're wrong the
30k thing comes from the title of my
video okay I was the one who started the
30k meme and it's because the
bill that the clown
ex-boyfriend sends you at first is close to
30k so that's why the title of 30k The
agreement precisely but I Ultimately
I didn't put the title I didn't I didn't go
directly to say say
that you didn't stay only The
legal if you cared so much The legal no
you if you hadn't continued
saying said it has to be
legal you go for The
legal
to you know that I've been very critical of n but
man the issue the issue of now wanting to
attack her legally for
honor when I believe yes even audios of
her no and conversations No I have not
published any audio you have not
published a conversation No I have not
published any audio This one did publish an
extract of conversations he is right of course
but  Well, I am one of the
two involved in that conversation.
Therefore, if I give permission as such,
as she is involved in the
call and she showed it in her video, no, I don't
see any problem with that. That's what
I'm asking because they like the plan, that
in order to be conciliatory, we're going to try to
get something positive out of all this. I
understand that on Nimu's part, what
she is looking for, which is what she has
always told us, is that they don't call her a
scammer. You have said it before and I
would like to again. You rups, do you think Nimu
is innocent? RS Let's see, let's see, and you know that I have
been very critical of Nimu, but
man, the issue of now wanting to legally attack her for her honor when you. I think that if I'm not mistaken, you have even published audios of them, no, and conversations, no. No, I have not published any
audio. You have not published a conversation with her. No, I have not published any audio. Yes, I did publish an extract of conversations, you are right. Of course, but well, I am one of the two involved in that conversation. Therefore, if I give permission as such, as she is involved in the call, no, and
conversations, no. No, I have not published
any audio. You have not published a
conversation with her. No, I have not published any audio. Yes, I
published an
extract of conversations, you are right.
Of course, but well, I am one of the
two involved in that conversation.
Therefore, if I give permission as
such, as she is involved in the
call, no, and conversations, no. No, I have not published any audio. You have not published a conversation with her. No, I have not published any audio. Yes, I published an extract of conversations. You ...  and she brought it up in her video, well, no, I don't
see any problem with that.
I'm asking because I like the plan
that Dallas has to be conciliatory.
Let's try to get something positive out of
all this. I understand that on
Nimu's part, what she's looking for, which is what she's
always told us, is that they don't
call her a scammer. You've said it before
and I would like to again. You rubs, do you think
Nimu is innocent, that she's not a
scammer, of the charge of fraud? eh. From
my point of view, I don't know, no. From what she's
innocent because of the charge of fraud, to
my point, she's innocent because I don't know, no. There hasn't been
a verdict that she says she's
a scammer and I've always said so and I
've published it. Okay, well, perfect. So,
on the other hand, what other
problem could you have that can be
solved? Well, if we can fix all the
problems, damn, it's better to be friends than
enemies. What other point do you have out
there that you want to solve? Well, look, I highly doubt it,
but
I'll
try to be friends again. Look, I'd be happy to and I've
sent her exactly. I recently
tried to fix the problem by
sending messages again with both  keno As conu I think you have
not seen them I do not know if you have not
blocked them on Twitter this if at some
point something is going to be fixed or we need to
talk about something with all pleasure I can
do it with you This we can talk if
you want to fix or we do not get to anything
but I can discuss it with you without any
problem but tell him already what you
need and nim what he needs from him
you have golden opid take advantage of it Hello well
First of
all I did not scam you to start with if
someone scammed you it was directly the
agency you tied and you in a video
expressly said Because they sent you
a message to return the 30k you
said why I I did not scam me they scammed
r let's see r I love you I want to
clarify this I do not remember because it
was many months ago I do not remember having
said those words but I believe you I am
not going to tell you I do not believe you eh
when I said he scammed me rups I eh
first before anything I was totally
destroyed But well Eh I did not say it
literally I said it as a way
of how I feel scammed I think I think
that  when you were talking about scammed
I think you were talking about your ex and I
think he's understanding that you were talking
about him, I think eh I'm not sure, it's not that
if I specifically express RS scammed me what I meant what I meant
when I felt scammed It's that the
most affected by all of this was me
Why Because my ex got away with it
because R gained all the fame and my
career was ruined that's what I meant to say that
I felt scammed I wasn't calling you a
scammer it was like a way of saying
like a release like saying e I feel
scammed I feel like he scammed me
because the only one who came out with the
tainted image and all the [ __ ] was me my ex
left really calmly you super
calm because everyone loves you
and I And I was literally
with this manager who It's good that he
did his thing and and I in the middle there
like What the [ __ ] do you understand That's what I
meant by I don't understand this part but let's
see given more I clarify something for you because I
think you are not informed of some
things n  people from your community
doxed me
eh they went to my family's restaurant to
take pictures of me and threaten me yes Even
a person at the place where I'm
working attacked me in public In fact I have
the papers from where the police
intervened in that yes eh They haven't stopped
calling me SIM Because everyone
mentions that I was in love with
you When I at no time did they give you I
noticed that I this that I felt some
attraction in that way towards you to
RS Ah Allow me Javi Allow me Javi
before I comment Allow me delox
please I won't give you 1000 bucks in a
live if you're not Paula chev barra
Well make better content I like
the content let's see RS First of all,
truly with all my heart, outside of the
bards that we may have, I am
very sorry for this situation that you are going
through because I may not
agree with you on many things but
what you are telling me hurts me a lot
and from now on I want to truly express to you
eh I don't know if my apologies because the
truth is  that I didn't send, I didn't send anyone and
yes yes there are people so aggressive I don't
consider them part of my community because
my community is a love and I know them
very well eh they must be people who really
really want to do harm
So I am so sorry from the bottom of my
heart for this situation that
happened to you and I totally condemn it
truly Now Allow me anyway before eh it seems a little eh No no no it's not to insult you I'm saying because of the situation it seems a little despotic to me the situation when all that happened This why Because when I spoke to you do you remember what had happened in
three weeks before commenting on everything
about the lawsuit and all that or don't you
remember I don't know what you're talking about what
can you tell me when they hospitalized me do you
remember when you arrived I gave no I mean that
you missed like Nimu
cared more about no no no no no no no no no
no in one day you had fallen off the
motorcycle not the attempt at autofun what what the
attempt to go out of your way you tried to
go out of your way and  Nimmu didn't care about you
no no no no no the moment when
everything about the complaint came out and everything else it
's not because the ccul thing was happening or
Nimu's funas or anything like that it
was because weeks before I
had tried to go out of my way because of pressure and
harassment I had from Kenzo yes I am
emphasizing it so that later they say that it's
another thing about Kenzo
and personal poras and I told
Keno that I was hospitalized for that
reason and Kenzo told me I'm going to let you
rest for two days but I want my money on
that day when I was hospitalized for an attempt to
go out of my way yes I remind you that he said
This is what he said in my video okay
that Nimu's ex was stalking him and
every time he opened things
like that the other one was sending him
messages and that he got very stressed out he got very stressed out
and that he tried Well go out of his way for
that which I also don't understand why he would do it it was it
was because of ot it was because of everything that
accumulated I also told you about the other
causes But as I tell you  It's been a while
you don't remember, I mean it wasn't just
because of what I said it was for more reasons Yeah I
'm saying it that's why I'm saying it, one
question is how exactly does she abuse her
power because you called her a despot
maybe it's not the word you were
looking for but despot is that she abuses her
power how could she in the sense that
everyone mentioned even here what is
in code delox that I did it to take
advantage and jump on the bandwagon of the
funas meme Yeah when I don't inter I
want to clarify one thing eh First of all I was
unaware of that situation of yours and
[ __ ] I mean I wouldn't wish it on my
worst enemy So Obviously
with you that I don't give a damn Neither for good nor
for bad, well obviously I don't
wish that on you either but what is clear is that there is
a lot of information that if you don't
know you can understand that at first
glance what it seems is that you are
trying to take advantage of the situation
Because at a time when it is very
trending you try to scrape visits it
can be understood no I accept it I
accept it to begin with if it is not the  in
case if that's not the case I retract
my words but you can understand that at
first it seems like that already yes although I see a
little unnecessary the melapelas thing I
actually don't
know you I have ig Okay of course
Mexico is interpreted with something else no no
no it's like Impartial Total that I don't care
and what I'm getting at n yes what I'm
getting at all that was that I never
took advantage of the funas train or anything
like that I've said it and I said it
in his video with Dallas and I've said it
because I have maintained What are my
words I didn't know most of your
funas I knew some Yes I didn't know everything
everything that was going on when I
went out to talk about that it was because
Dallas was the only person apart from
Javi this one that gave me a space to
talk that did handle things in some
way that I could have been wrong
Of course yes and I can recognize it Yes
but also on your part
the situation was not handled in the best way
sorry let's see Can I ask you a question
eh Why the last call we had
before the Dallas video the call
ended in a deal  that I say something
on discord you're happy it doesn't stop stop
Why don't you let me finish let me
finish so that everyone has context
and we made a call like 5 days
before daa comes out that his first video n f
000 in which at the end of the call we
ended up saying okay we agreed on
this deal is everything fine we closed ready
perfect Thank you r thank you nimu Thank you
for understanding Ready That's it you didn't
talk to me in those 5 days you didn't tell me
I'm unhappy with this deal and I don't know
what you didn't tell me absolutely anything that
fell and I was like Okay Everything is
solved cco days later the
dasas video comes out now I can
tell you why dasas is here I hear it
ends Sorry Come on no no for for
after a while uh you released the
video with Dallas Okay exactly when I
had already spoken to you and I have
said it as it says I went through all the
YouTube channels I have said these
same words when I recorded with
Dallas at the time when we had already
recorded this the call with you yes it was
a few days later not before like you
they put in their
dates me with me with Dallas I had
told him that he was waiting for me because he was
waiting for the complaint paper because he
wanted it to appear in the video where the
lawsuit was accepted Yes Dallas between
his movements and everything he has, well,
from his creation of content, he is not
this either, what's his name, he told me what date
the video was going to be published in fact
when that happened and I told him I have
kept it When I saw that
the video was published Well, I didn't know what else to
do Yes, but you in that call
we made at no time did you tell me to
speak with LL listen it was the 21st of
the 5th of 2023 the day you made the
call yes Ah but the call you and I r
had it on the 18th no curious I have the
date yes yes yes yes the day of the recording
with the video When it was published what I
tell you has nothing to do r if I made
the call on the 18th with And you recorded it on
May 2023 the 25th Okay I reached an
agreement no Look you already started to lie I
reached an  okay the
18th I was about to say In fact I was
about to say that then I was
wrong and I confused the dates no
that I'm
lying Allow me Allow me I
was dissatisfied by when you hung up
the call You have the call Listen to
it at the end when you told me
I hope you show me The friend that you
were and I don't remember something like that you
put to me And the truth is I'm going to tell you
sincerely I was not satisfied in the
end I accepted the discord because it was
the only thing you accepted if cone eh what do I do I mean what do I do you tell
me I'm satisfied in reality deep down no that cone with conas I have absolutely none left besides you offered me the discord option because after I have offered you direct tweets absolutely everything that you have offered you 1 million things to leave it private so that you can access The legal thing
and leave everything well so that neither of
the image of the two that stained your
only op in fact expressly
expressly you told me  that you were
offering me all of that so that I could sue
only against Keno, that's what it's
about, it's not right because I'm not
involved there, call No, it's not that you
weren't involved as such, otherwise something like this wouldn't have come
up, what's it called
in the first lawsuit? Yes, let's see, r rups, let's
see, you said that Nimmu didn't
scam you, the problem you have is with
the invoice, that's Keno's thing, nmo doesn't
have n what happened to me, what happened to
me was not a scam, it was fraud,
I've already said it, fraud on the part
of the junkie, on the part of the agency.
Now, Nimu, I don't know if you knew that there are
documents where he expressly put your name
as a
witness, what witness of what, what I
'm telling you in the damn
extensions. There is your name, extensions,
extensions of what, of the complaints of
when, no, no, no, no, in the extensions of that
when I was late paying, he would
give me some
extensions, yeah, I think that's already
explained, she was  his girlfriend at the
time and and and she and she has so that he
put my name My real name on the in the
in the papers these let's
see I'm going to say one thing about
why before I didn't believe anything from
animu and for now at least I think that she
can be given the benefit of the doubt
regarding the ex-boyfriend issue And it is that in
recent times eh it has been
observed that nimu's capacity at an
economic level has not been the best and
that she has been trusting people that she
shouldn't have been
trusting giving her financial advice
that was not correct hence why she
left most of the money well
This is public and I can say I
'm not saying anything private from hence why she
left most of the money in
[ __ ] being bnbs instead of acquiring a
property for example so all of
this is advice that came from
her ex-boyfriend eh Until now since she has been
sincere about this she has
not changed her version
regarding this and she has always said that
all of this was done by her ex-boyfriend with which
I want to believe that she is telling the
truth As soon as she is speaking  of this
topic with which to settle this
issue of the ex-boyfriend and say that it was
this character who did all these
actions and that in reality she
was telling the truth at
first. In fact, she lives strangely, that
if it's true
and this what's this person's name was the one who caused the
biggest part of the problem
Why don't you take legal action against
her because most of all for
most of what you tell me about if I
defame you whatever everything else is all because of
someone it's not my fault Okay
perfect if you have to report And if
you also wanted to
deny as such that I defamed you,
I have said it too, you are
free to report me
perfect but I do not feel like
reporting you or Keno or anyone
friend, they doxed me and I have all the
information, the person who peed you know what, I did not
report it because I do not like
legal processes, I do not like reporting
people, you just realized that I do not understand
a thing about laws, I am that
typical person who is afraid  to the
lawyers I'm not going to sue anyone
because I don't feel like it since what am I going to win,
what weight am I going to get from that guy if he
's poor, I mean, I'll report him as such
but that's what I'm going for in the
podcast with delo in you made some
comments that were a little out
of place that if the guy had 10
motorcycles before and I don't think I put him
in a situation of economic problem and
also comments like what are you
going for yes that well or
basically you wanted to leave me like
the Fame Seeker like the team that I
threw money at you is the main thing of
all I did it directly with the
company
against we can solve the situation It's that you
are very attacked and you are not
understanding The M of this conversation
we are trying to take it by the
conciliatory side and for example before nimu
told you Hey I am very sorry for the situation that
has happened to you that they have doxed that they
have threatened you blah blah blah blah and your
answer was courage you are a despot
Then you have to lower two points to
the boxes  of aggressiveness Okay and
say here right now if you would like to
leave things right because that you say
that you have filed a complaint for honor
that is not going to get anywhere if you
really have filed a complaint for
honor it is absurd because even though
she has said that she felt
scammed or whatever it is not going to get
anywhere considering that it is an
animus rhetor Candy of what you have
told her in the first place Although you
are right or she is already right that is
irrelevant the question is that she
has the right to express her free
opinion as she pleases I see it
practically impossible for you to get
anything there then The question is would
you like to look good and for
all parties to be at peace here or would
you like to continue on the warpath
because you feel that
your damage has not been properly compensated
Well, look eh I'm going to
answer you directly without any
sticking around eh I would like peace I
never sought to damage Nimu's career
as has been commented but also
understand for my part that it is a bit
difficult
Eh no eh  get heated or something like that
when they mess with my physique when they
mess with my
person and and this what's his name and
people who don't know me well too
because I mean aimu is not the only one who
has fallen hate she is not the only one who
has thrown this in death threats
offenses everything else fell on
me too yes I mean and I was not
commenting on that that was your decision because
you needed to make it public of course
exactly I am saying it and I
take that That is my responsibility
but it is what I am telling you that
in this let's see not all the
blame for making it public if he
Well basically he did a lot of
harassment he scammed him blah blah I understand that he
feels cornered and says Well I [ __ ] and I
do harm especially what I have
ahead of me no but let's leave the I mean if
we continue with the resentment Still right now
we are going to side by side I am looking
directly and what I have always looked for
and I have said in several parts that if
nimu wants to seek peace I am also
willing to seek Peace he is telling you
is what we take you  talking for a
while yes yes yes yes I mean I am
willing to do the ps with you in
some way okay I would like that year what she
would like cheer up what she would like is for you to
say just with a simple phrase
of Nimu is not a scammer that is the only thing
that Nimu would like I think I don't think
that of course I can say Nimu
is not a scammer in my case I have to
emphasize it so that there are no later on when they
print me of inventing things or what
yes of course because you don't know if she has done
some things I understand that but okay
yes that's it and and you would like Nimu to
say something a specific phrase that you
want to ask her to say what I asked her
from the beginning the very big support let's
see is that I was going to tell you don't
tell her that that is cap do you think that is
what RS wants to hear no what she
wants to hear
what would you like Nimu to say animu
what she would like is for you to say in
just with a simple phrase of Nimu is not
a scammer that is the only thing that
Nimu would like I think I think I don't think that
is clear I can say it  Nimu
is not a scammer, in my case, I have to
emphasize that so that later they don't
impress me with making things up or what, yes, of
course, because they don't know if they have done
some things. I understand that, but well,
yes, that's it, and you would like Nimu to
say something, a specific phrase, that you
want to ask her to say, what I asked her
from the beginning, she has great support, let's
see, that's what I was going to tell you, do
n't tell her that, cap, she thinks she's
in that qui Listen to what you want to
hear
[Laughs]
What would you like Nimu to say so
that you feel at peace, from the
beginning, I mean, say the phrase, an
apology as such, say the phrase, say the
exact phrase that you would like
me to say RS, I apologize for how I handled things,
I also made mistakes and I would like us
both to be at peace. I
sincerely apologize for how
I handled things, it really,
really was a huge misstep to
leave in charge a person who didn't
know how to do things and that was my
responsibility to leave a person in
charge who clearly didn't know what  that I was doing so
nothing I apologize for
that for having handled things poorly and
nothing that everything is fine has been worth it to you RS
Yes, of course I gladly accept those
apologies, it has been worth it to you in what
RS said Or
do you want me to say something else what between Ah I'm fine, it's fine, it's fine p buddies thanks thanks dasas for being our moderator I think this Javi how [ __ ] [ __ ] I eh I think it's just kidding I think we're seeing something totally utopian Dallas as moderator in a heated conversation
calming things down it's
surreal and you and I sticking our fingers
in here eh And you and I Javi let's see if looking for
gossip here no no the truth
look not a silly thing that's not going to end up
anywhere I think it's clear I mean
the 30,000 that were being
asked were never paid yes it's true that Kens
tried to slip in the 30,000 not only
at the beginning but after the
offer with Well let's see if it slips through now
30,000 no and it didn't work but of course here the one that
I understand lerenda is kenzo and
between Of course but here for example there has never
been doubt there has never been doubt about
this in fact in the debate I
told him clearly that kenzo has
done it wrong and I have been with rubs in that
aspect 100% from one to one I think that
the problem has also been that perhaps
because kenz is a little relevant public figure
more importance has always been given
to nimu to make the
case visible when he was no longer
directly responsible And so of course this in the end
makes him end up getting hated that it should
n't be and that I ended up
passing my initial point since I
discovered this case was like How the hell is
she going to be his partner and not know what
he's doing If you spend almost 24
hours with your partner no eh obviously obviously I
wasn't there but after
seeing different economic red flags on the
part of nimu I can give him that
benefit I definitely tell you that
the guy wasn't even with me I
told you that the guy even went to Miami
for three  months and left me completely
Sol in Chile paying and I paying everything to
play devil's advocate eh
I had to say it if not I would die
I think that just like we have
told rups that there are many things for example the
thing about the girls or the attention the
Seeker of fame etcetera or the thing about s that are
interpretations that can be made in
view of certain things and that then maybe
with the adequate context we
realize that we are not right the
same thing happens with that when you have a
partner it is understood that that couple and you
share everything so it is normal that there were
people who at first thought
that she would know more than what she knew
being a couple He can go and tell
her you calm down babe that I will fix this
and this is this he owes us money because
for every month that passes The law
tells you that you have to pay me 3000 more and
she doesn't know and she lets herself be carried away by
her manager I mean I think that everything has been made
clear now and apart It's that I think
Keno already has a neon sign on his
face that tells you what kind of person he is
no  and what condition do I have? Well, the
last thing I would like to say is so as
not to fall so far behind in what you are
doing in your live show, well,
if this issue has already been settled, this
or something like that, I think that yes, I
feel very good, I was able to
help, I thank you because in
part,
many people at this moment
will say that if I played cageta, if I
played the style, you were going to waste time,
sincerely, that there was no longer a recj.
Sorry Javi. Look RS, I'm going to give you an
arm to t orcero, whatever you say. Many
people say that you would play coward in this
situation because of saying, I say, of
course, I say, what are you blowing your top
because I don't see it? Sorry, sorry, I
thought I was pissing that he had made a
mistake, eh, imagine, scratch, no, no, no, the
point rups that I understand that they can
say that you have played coward to give him
reason or seek peace, but here I tell you, it
is much more difficult to recognize When
someone may not have done things
perfectly and also to seek a
truce, that there is peace, that is much more
courageous than simply Seeking that there continues to
be  hate and kilombo and all this is
that I simply never looked for this
war as such. What I do is the
the emphasis is this to that, I mean, I
simply prefer 1 times that they talk
or say whatever they want about me but I
prefer my peace of mind. The truth is, I've
been through a lot in 2023 and my peace of
mind, I think, is priceless. I mean, the
truth, being serious, being
serious. How much would you give me for a photo of
my feet, uh, of yours? Yeah, with the nails
for yours. No man, I'm not a fan of
feet, brother, it doesn't suit you, maybe with
your cowboy hat there, the pink one you
have, I could, I could
give you a, we can talk, eh, we
can talk, man, I'll give you 2, eh Javi,
if it's with the little thing, I five, I five, I
five, I'll clarify something, I'll clarify something
too, I'll clarify something also, that I have
fixed them, made peace with
or whatever or that I have appeared on
this live to clarify things, does not
mean that delox this oimu are my
friends, yeah. I just think that we are
people who are  trying to
fix something
I Lu Look for my part RS then then
nimu cable for his part I for my part
tell you it's true that I don't like you
because as a friend of nimu it
bothers me to see certain things that I've seen
Anyway I value you very
positively the attitude that you have had
And I apologize for mine because I
think that at some point I have been
inappropriate and there obviously it was
a little because from what I came from
home okay but there I tell you I think you have
done very well and for me I have
no problem with you zero none
obviously we are not friends but we are not
going to you No bad word and for my
part if there is someone from my community
watching this do not throw anything at
RS or much less quite the opposite that
if they want to leave him a
positive message Because for me what is yours and it is a
little also what I am looking for with the channel
is that people can tell their story
that they can reach
conciliatory agreements And what the hell that things are known a
little because there are many people
who in the end do the typical thing that
one talks the other talks and nobody knows
what really happened what has
past uncle we can This is not serious
sons of [ __ ] eh nothing yimu for your part I
think it would also be good if you
told him how you look nothing For me rus I
would prefer to never know anything
about you again in my life and I'm
very happy in the same way yes I'm happy err
proud foot jumped At the touch and in the
same way that I'm glad that everything is
okay so I don't have to cross paths
with you ever again not even on Twitter or on any network eh
however I wish you the best in your life
and nothing really with all my heart I hope
that you can solve all the
legal issues in the appropriate manner and I
always correspond in a private and
secure manner I thank you for that for this
call rus Thank you of course thank you very much
to everyone Javi Thank you Ah to you man I
have nothing else to say Dallas I
thank you just as I hope that you leave
happy and that this moment gives you inner peace
and that it has been enough
for you sincerely and that you can
favorably solve your
legal problems with the other guy that Lara
deserves it That's already settled Don't worry in
fact I'm arriving in Mexico Okay
now dasas come in wismichu and let's go
fix your problem Okay now
Ah now the dog the dog they sent me to
capture the kids from the group who
are giving like to the cocu I don't know if Win
michu exactly or the environment but
come on they sent me there in the group that is
like now
nothing surprises me anymore you mess me up like always you mess me up like
always I'm going to be alone for 5
[Music]
minutes